accessReviewScheduleDefinition docs refresh (#12447)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewscheduledefinition-list.md

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application                            | AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

>  The signed-in user must also be in a directory role that permits them to read an access review. See access review [role and application permission authorization checks](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md#role-and-application-permission-authorization-checks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The signed-in user must also be in a directory role that permits them to read an access review. See access review [role and application permission authorization checks](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md#role-and-application-permission-authorization-checks).
```

## HTTP request

To list all your accessReviewScheduleDefinitions:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions
```

## Optional query parameters
This method supports the `$select`, `$top`, `$skip`, and `$filter` OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

### Use the $filter query parameter

> The `$filter` query parameter with the `contains` operator is supported on the **scope** property of accessReviewScheduleDefinition. The request statement will take on the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$filter` query parameter with the `contains` operator is supported on the **scope** property of accessReviewScheduleDefinition. Use the following format for the request:
```

```http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions?$filter=contains(scope/microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope/query, '{object}')
```

> where the value of `{object}` can be one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `{object}` can be one of the following:
```

> |Value of {object}|Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Value|Description|
```

|:---     |:---       |
|`/groups`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition on individual groups (excludes definitions scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups with guest users).|
|`/groups/{group id}`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition on a specific group (excludes definitions scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups with guest users).|
|`./members`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups with guest users.|
|`accessPackageAssignments`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition on an access package.|
|`roleAssignmentScheduleInstances`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition for service principals assigned to privileged role.|

> Note that `$filter` is currently not supported on **accessReviewInactiveUserQueryScope** or **principalResourceMembershipScope**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$filter` query parameter is not supported on **accessReviewInactiveUserQueryScope** or **principalResourceMembershipScope**.
```

### Use of the $filter query parameter
The `$filter` query parameter with the `contains` operator is supported on the **scope** and **instanceEnumerationScope** properties of the accessReviewScheduleDefinition. The request statement will take on the following format:

```http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions?$filter=contains(scope/microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope/query, '{object}'
```

where the value of `{object}` can be one of the following:

|Value of {object}|Scenario|Example|
|:---     |:---       |:---   |
|`/groups`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition on individual groups (excludes definitions scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups with guest users).|Example|
|`/groups/{group-id}`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition on a specific group (excludes definitions scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups with guest users).|Example|
|`./members`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups with guest users.|Example|
|`accessPackageAssignments`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition on an access package.|Example|

> |`roleAssignmentScheduleInstances`  |List every accessReviewScheduleDefinition for service principals assigned to privileged role.|Example|

Reviewer 2: im not sure if the roleAssignmentScheduleInstances definition is correct - is it just reviews of SPs assigned to privileged roles, or is it all reviews of any scope assigned to privileged roles?

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an array of [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects in the response body.

> ## Examples

Reviewer: The examples heading should not be removed.

> ## Example 1: List the first one hundred access review definitions

Reviewer: Should be an H3.

> ### Request

Reviewer: Should be an H4.

---

> ### Response

Reviewer: Should be an H4.

}
```

> ## Example 2: Retrieve all access review definitions scoped to all Microsoft 365 groups in the tenant

Reviewer: Should be an H3.

> ### Request

Reviewer: Should be an H4.

The following example shows a request to retrieve all the access review series in a tenant.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "list_accessReviewScheduleDefinition_allgroups"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com//beta/identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions?$filter=contains(scope/microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope/query, './members')
```

> ### Response

Reviewer: Should be an H4.
